this is Neil
Patel helping you succeed through online
marketing all right so for today we're
going to talk about here's what the top
YouTubers taught us about YouTube
marketing you know you remember the the
George gamon who spoke at my my thing
right this is probably the the best
takeaway I I got here if you're going to
be creating on YouTube specific
especially YouTube right you're an
employee of YouTube they're not just
going to give you all the views and gave
you all the promotions in the beginning
they want to see if you're going to be a
consistent employee also yesterday I
hung out with Ali up he has like 5
million subs or so his girlfriend's also
YouTuber as well and they're like man
you know I I don't want to continue on
this YouTube hamster wheel it's like
yeah it's a commitment it is a
commitment and they spot on right about
the subscribers I have a million
subscribers they have a million or 10
million it doesn't matter what matters
is a Content but here's the kicker you
got to a be consistent in producing
content but B and B is even more
important if the content you're
producing isn't hits It's hard to
actually get more hits but once you get
two or three hits consistently assuming
your content is really high in quality
it's easy to maintain that momentum but
the moment you create two or three hits
and then you just put out a few mediocre
pieces of content it actually screws up
the whole Channel you got to make sure
that you're consistently trying to
produce hits and what you'll find is
more of your content will just go viral
and it's hard to do that and what we
found is when we produce hits that are
more broad like in the marketing world
like here's a hack that'll help your
WordPress blog rank higher on Google we
get a lot more views but then on the
flip side we generate a lot less
qualified leads but on you know but when
we produce content that's not as much of
a hit like um should you use a subdomain
versus a subdirectory for SEO when your
website is in 50 plus different
languages content like that won't get
the views but for us it drives leads and
leads from like large Enterprise
companies and that's what we're Drive
seeing revenue from YouTube at least so
so this is Russell Brand I don't know if
you follow him at all I just know he's
like a purple belt Brazilian jiu-jitsu
guy um but he's really popular right
like 6.7 million Subs he had some
controversy recently but here's what
George gamon and and Josh said right
it's like his thumbnails are the best
yeah dude a lot of these YouTubers do
well but the one thing I would say is
YouTube marketing is great even though
Eric and I think it's the big social
channel that you should pay attention to
that's still going to be extremely
popular over the next 5 10 years like
you know Facebook is great but real
money in Facebook is just running ads
it's not really on the organic Side
YouTube we still think you'll be able to
do really well organically in the long
run but I still wouldn't recommend
putting all your eggs in one basket Ali
yesterday we're doing a podcast and he's
like yeah you know I I struggle with the
focus thing because it's like well what
I have YouTube and then like what if
YouTube max out I'm like the marketing
channels you can diversify all day right
like the the worst thing is if you
diversify in too many different
unrelated businesses like that's a
completely different story so it's okay
to diversify marketing channels once you
figure one out yes but not businesses
businesses you should stay laser focused
and you just make sure you're after
going after a big Tam Tam stands for
total addressable Market it also makes
your marketing easier because if you can
appeal to more people or a bigger
audience or even if it's a small
audience but they spend a lot of money
it's just easier to generate Revenue now
if you have any questions leave a
comment below I'm here to answer them
and help you out if you enjoy the video
like it share tell the people about it
thank you very much